this is Joe cheetahs game show junkies
proudly sponsored by America's oldest
brewery jingling beer game show junkies
is a combination of four hit TV style
game shows like name that tune beyonce's
tickle a polluted boy seconds what's
this show his chips I say give up employ
maybe musics not your thing let us test
your physical dexterity with games like
minute to win it for the gambler and all
of us can you beat the odds with games
like let's make a deal this one you
couldn't want
car what was the name of sheriff Rosco
Coltrane plan totally self-contained we
provide sound and lighting our
scoreboard displays the team names they
have chosen we provide all the game
tables and props our digital timers are
broadcast on TVs around the room
material number i will give you time we
have a wetter visitors
black away money noise but I wrote a
rupee coins cowbell wrote a game show
junkies is advertised at game show
junkies calm Joe cheetahs facebook thank
you for taking the time to check out our
video this is Joe cheetahs game show
junkies brought to you by America's
oldest brewery jingling beer